I hasn't even mentioned this but Matt
diamond has a new movie opening on
Friday it's called the Martian Matt
plays an astronaut who gets stranded on
Mars poor March they have one person on
the whole planet and it's Matt Damon and
I don't know how the movie producers
managed this but NASA announced an
enormous discovery today regarding Mars
they found water liquid water on Mars we
can't even find that in California this
is an amazing thing scientists have
suspected that Mars had water for a long
time let me show you a photograph that
they took from the rover I think and you
can see right here
I mean it was right there the whole time
if the water is drinkable inanna could
be its would be very salty
oh thanks I appreciate that did I miss
something hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for
watching if you'd like to see more click
below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel and if not do nothing at all
[Music]